ask around	여러 사람에게 물어보다	I asked around, but nobody knew.
back up	지지하다 / (파일) 백업	Can you back me up tomorrow?
bring up	(주제를) 꺼내다	He brought up an interesting point.
call off	취소하다	They called off the picnic.
catch up	따라잡다	I need to catch up on emails.
check out	조사하다 / 계산 후 나가다	You should check out that café.
come across	우연히 발견하다	I came across a photo from college.
cut down	줄이다	I'm trying to cut down on sugar.
do away with	폐지하다	We're doing away with print newsletters.
drop by	잠시 들르다	Drop by anytime you want.
eat out	외식하다	Let's eat out tonight.
figure out	이해해 내다	She figured out the problem.
get along with	잘 지내다	I get along well with my colleagues.
give in	굴복하다	He finally gave in to their demands.
go over	검토하다	Let's go over the data again.
hang out	함께 놀다	We usually hang out at the park.
hold on	기다리다	Hold on a second, please.
keep up	유지하다 / 따라가다	Keep up the good work!
lay off	해고하다	The company had to lay off staff.
look forward to	기대하다	I'm looking forward to our trip.
make up	지어내다 / 보충하다	I had to make up an excuse.
pass away	사망하다	His grandfather passed away.
pick up	줍다 / 마중 가다	Can you pick up milk on the way?
put up with	참다	I can't put up with noise anymore.
run into	우연히 만나다	I ran into my old teacher.
stand by	지지하다 / 대기하다	I'll stand by you no matter what.
show off	자랑하다	He loves to show off his new car.
go by	지나가다	Days go by so quickly.
get by	그럭저럭 살아가다	I can get by with basic English.
pass by	지나치다	Did you pass by her office?
check in	체크인하다	We checked in early.
break down	고장나다 / 감정이 폭발하다	My car broke down yesterday.
break up	헤어지다 / 분해하다	They broke up last week.
bring back	기억을 되살리다	That song brings back memories.
bring over	데려오다	I'll bring over my friend.
call around	여기저기 전화해보다	I called around different stores.
cut off	끊다 / 중단하다	They cut off the electricity.
get off	내리다 / 벗다	Please get off at the next stop.
take off	이륙하다 / 옷 벗다	The plane took off on time.
look into	조사하다	I'll look into that issue.
run out of	다 써버리다	We're running out of time.
set up	설치하다 / 설립하다	They set up a meeting.
turn down	거절하다	She turned down the offer.
turn up	나타나다 / 소리 키우다	He turned up late.
work out	운동하다 / 해결하다	We need to work out this problem.
write down	적어두다	Please write down the address.
bring in	들여오다 / 수익을 올리다	The event brought in a lot of money.
bring out	(특성) 부각시키다	This shade brings out your eyes.
burn out	탈진하다 / 태워 소진시키다	Don’t burn out—take a break.
call up	전화하다 / (팀) 호출하다	I need to call up my friend.
calm down	진정하다	Calm down and explain what happened.
check out of	(호텔) 체크아웃하다	We checked out of the hotel at noon.
clean up	청소하다 / 정리하다	Clean up your room, please.
come up with	생각해내다 / 제안하다	She came up with a brilliant idea.
cut out	제거하다 / 그만두다	I need to cut out sugary drinks.
deal with	처리하다 / 다루다	Can you deal with this customer?
do up	고정하다 / 단정히 차려입다	I did up the buttons on my coat.
dress up	차려입다	Kids love to dress up on Halloween.
fall apart	흩어지다 / 망가지다	Our plans fell apart at the last minute.
fill in	작성하다 / 대신하다	Please fill in this form.
find out	알아내다 / 발견하다	He found out the truth.
get across	이해시키다	He got his point across clearly.
get ahead	성공하다 / 출세하다	She worked hard to get ahead in her career.
get around	이동하다 / 널리 퍼지다	I get around town by bike.
give away	나눠주다 / 폭로하다	They gave away free samples.
give out	배포하다 / 고장나다	My printer gave out.
go ahead	시작하다 / 허락하다	They decided to go ahead with the project.
grow up	자라다	I grew up in Seoul.
hand in	제출하다	Hand in your assignments by Friday.
hang up	전화를 끊다 / 걸다	Don't hang up—let me explain.
hold back	억제하다 / 미루다	She held back her tears.
keep on	계속하다	Keep on studying.
let down	실망시키다 / 내려놓다	I felt let down by his decision.
look after	돌보다	She looks after her nieces.
look into	조사하다	They look into every complaint.
look up	찾아보다 / 회복하다	Look up the word in the dictionary.
make out	이해하다 / 작성하다	I could barely make out the sign.
make up for	보상하다	He made up for being late.
move in	입주하다	They'll move in next week.
move out	이사 나가다	She's moving out tomorrow.
pay off	성공하다 / 빚 갚다	His hard work paid off.
pick out	선택하다	Pick out your favorite.
put down	적다 / 깔보다	Don’t put down other people's efforts.
put off	미루다 / 싫어하게 만들다	Don’t put off going to the dentist.
put on	입다 / 개최하다	Put on your coat—it’s cold.
put out	끄다 / 발행하다	Firefighters put out the fire.
run away	도망가다	The dog ran away.
run over	치다 / 복습하다	He ran over his notes before the test.
set off	출발하다 / 유발하다	They set off early in the morning.
set out	시작하다 / 진열하다	She set out to write a novel.
shake hands	악수하다	Come on, shake hands!
shut down	폐쇄하다 / 작동 멈추다	The factory was shut down.
slow down	속도를 줄이다	Slow down—it's slippery.
sort out	분류하다 / 해결하다	They sorted out their differences.
stand up	일어서다	Please stand up when she enters.
stick to	고수하다	Stick to the plan.
sum up	요약하다	Let me sum up the session.
take after	닮다	He takes after his father.
take away	제거하다 / 가져가다	Take away the dirty dishes.
take back	되돌려주다 / 철회하다	I need to take back what I said.
take over	인수하다	She will take over the department.
talk over	상의하다	Let's talk over the proposal.
think through	철저히 생각하다	We need to think through this strategy.
throw away	버리다	Don't throw away useful stuff.
throw up	토하다 / 포기하다	I felt sick and threw up.
turn off	끄다 / 흥미 떨어지게 하다	Turn off the lights.
turn on	켜다 / 열광시키다	Can you turn on the TV?
wake up	깨우다	I wake up at 6 every day.
wipe out	전멸시키다 / 없애다	The tsunami wiped out the village.
work on	착수하다 / 작업하다	I’m working on my project.
write up	작성하다 / 기사를 작성하다	She wrote up the meeting report.
kick off	시작하다	The match kicked off at 3 PM.
lay aside	제쳐두다	I laid the book aside for a while.
look down on	깔보다	She looks down on anyone who doesn’t work hard.
look up to	존경하다	I looked up to my older brother.
make out	이해하다	I could barely make out the sign.
move out	이사 나가다	They’re moving out next week.
pass out	기절하다	It was so hot I passed out.
pick up	집어 들다	Can you pick up the pen?
put away	치우다	Please put away your toys.
put off	미루다	We had to put off the meeting.
put on	입다	She put on her coat.
run over	치다 / 복습하다	I ran over the notes one more time.
set out	시작하다	He set out on his journey.
set up	설치하다	They set up the tent in minutes.
show up	나타나다	She showed up late.
slow down	속도를 줄이다	Slow down; it’s icy.
sort out	해결하다	We need to sort out these issues.
stand by	지지하다	I’ll stand by you.
stick to	고수하다	Stick to the plan.
sum up	요약하다	Let me sum up the session.
take after	닮다	She takes after her mother.
take back	되돌려주다	He took back his statement.
talk over	상의하다	Let’s talk over the proposal.
think through	곰곰이 생각하다	We must think through the implications.
throw away	버리다	Don’t throw away useful items.
turn off	끄다	Turn off the lights, please.
turn on	켜다	Can you turn on the TV?
wake up	깨우다	I wake up at 6 AM.
watch out	조심하다	Watch out for cars!.
work out	해결하다			We need to work out a solution.
write down	적어두다	Write down the address.
zoom in	확대하다	Zoom in on the image.
zoom out	축소하다	You can zoom out to see more.
wipe out	전멸시키다	The fire wiped out the village.
wear out	닳아 해지다	My shoes wore out.
use up	다 써버리다	Don't use up all the milk.
turn up	소리 키우다	Please turn up the volume.
turn down	거절하다	She turned down the offer.
throw up	토하다	I felt sick and threw up.
throw out	버리다	Throw out the trash.
take over	인수하다	She took over the company.
take off	이륙하다	The plane took off.
run into	우연히 만나다	I ran into an old friend.
run out of	다 써버리다	We ran out of time.
run away	도망가다	The dog ran away.
put down	내려놓다	Put down your bag over there.
put up with	참다	I can't put up with this noise.
pay back	돈 갚다	I’ll pay you back tomorrow.
pay off	성공하다	Hard work paid off in the end.
hold on	기다리다	Hold on a moment.
hold back	억제하다	She held back tears.
hand in	제출하다	Hand in your report by Friday.
hand out	나눠주다	They handed out flyers.
hand over	넘겨주다	He handed over the keys.
grow up	자라다	I grew up in Busan.
go over	검토하다	Let’s go over the details.
go on	계속하다	Go on with your story.
go back	돌아가다	They went back home.
get over	극복하다	I got over the flu quickly.
get through	버티다	I got through the exam.
get around	이동하다	I get around on my bike.
get ahead	출세하다	He’s trying to get ahead.
get along with	잘 지내다	I get along with my roommate.
break in	침입하다 / 길들이다	The thief broke in last night.
break out	발발하다 / 갑자기 시작되다	A fire broke out in the kitchen.
burn down	불태워 없애다	The old barn burned down.
call in	전화하다 / 요청하다	She called in sick today.
carry on	계속하다	We’ll carry on despite the rain.
check up on	확인하다 / 조사하다	I need to check up on her progress.
come apart	분해되다 / 망가지다	The chair came apart.
come in	들어오다	Come in and sit down.
cross out	줄을 긋다	Cross out the wrong answers.
cut back on	줄이다 / 삭감하다	We need to cut back on expenses.
drop off	내려주다 / 잠들다	I'll drop you off at the station.
face up to	직면하다	You must face up to reality.
fill up	가득 채우다	I filled up the tank yesterday.
get across	전달하다	He got his idea across clearly.
get around to	~을 할 시간 내다	Someday I'll get around to fixing it.
give off	발산하다	The flowers give off a sweet scent.
go through	겪다 / 조사하다	She went through a difficult time.
grow out of	~에서 벗어나다 / 내성적으로 자라다	He grew out of childish habits.
hand down	전해주다 / 유전되다	The tradition was handed down.
hang on	잠깐만 기다려	Hang on, I'll be right back.
head for	~로 향하다	We’re heading for the beach.
hold up	지연시키다 / 강도짓하다	Don’t hold up the meeting.
keep away from	~을 가까이하지 않다	Keep away from that dog.
keep out	들어오지 마	Kids must keep out of the lab.
lay down	제정하다 / 내려놓다	He laid down the rules.
let in	들여보내다	Let me in, it’s cold!
live up to	기대에 부응하다	He didn’t live up to his reputation.
look back on	되돌아보다	I often look back on my childhood.
look in on	돌보다 / 들르다	I'll look in on her later.
make up	화해하다 / 메이크업하다	They made up after the fight.
mix up	혼동하다 / 섞다	I mixed up the papers.
move along	이동하다 / 진행하다	The traffic began to move along.
open up	마음을 열다 / 열리다	He opened up about his fears.
pass by	흘려보내다	Time just passed by.
put across	전달하다	She put her point across eloquently.
put down to	~탓으로 돌리다	I put it down to bad weather.
put through	연결해 주다 Please put me through to customer service.
run across	우연히 만나다	I ran across an old friend in the cafe.
see off	배웅하다	They came to see us off at the airport.
set aside	제쳐두다 / 확보하다	She set aside money for travel.
shoot down	거부하다 / 격추시키다	He shot down my proposal.
sort through	분류하다 / 검토하다	I sorted through the mail.
stand out	눈에 띄다	Her work really stands out.
stick out	튀어나오다	The nail sticks out too far.
take in	이해하다 / 속이다	I couldn’t take in all the details.
take on	떠맡다 / 고용하다	She took on too much work.
turn out	밝혀지다 / 참석하다	It turned out to be a great success.
turn up	소리 키우다 / 나타나다	He turned up late again.
use up	소진하다	We used up all the paper.
work up	마음을 북돋우다	He worked himself up into a frenzy.
write off	포기하다 / 감가상각하다	The car was written off after the crash.
zip up	지퍼를 올리다	Zip up your jacket; it’s cold.
act on	Take action based on something	The police were acting on a tip.
add on	추가하다	They added on another chapter.
add up	합산하다	I added up all the expenses.
agree with	동의하다	I don’t agree with that opinion.
aim at	목표로 삼다	This campaign aims at young adults.
allow for	감안하다	Allow for delays when you plan.
answer back	말대꾸하다	He answered back to his boss.
answer for	책임지다	She must answer for her mistakes.
argue down	논박하다	She argued him down in the debate.
argue out	토론하여 해결하다	They argued out their differences.
ask after	안부를 묻다	She asked after your health.
ask for	요청하다	He asked for help.
ask in	들여오다	“Ask him in,” she said.
ask out	데이트 신청하다	He asked her out to dinner.
back away	물러서다	She backed away slowly.
back down	취소하다	He backed down on his demands.
back off	물러나다	Back off, this is private.
back up	유도하다 / 백업하다	Back up your claims.
bail out	긴급 구제하다	The bank was bailed out.
bail out on	버리다	She bailed out on him at the last minute.
bank on	기대하다	I’m banking on your help.
barge in	난입하다	Don’t barge in uninvited.
be after	추구하다	What are you after?
be along	도착하다	Help will be along soon.
be away	부재중이다	She’s away on vacation.
be into	관심을 보이다	I’m really into jazz.
blow up	폭파하다	The bomb blew up.
break away 탈출하다	They broke away from the group.
break in	침입하다	Someone broke in last night.
break off	중단하다	They broke off negotiations.
break out	발발하다	A fight broke out.
break through 돌파하다	She broke through the crowd.
bring about	초래하다	His speech brought about change.
bring along	대동하다	Bring along your friend.
bring around 설득하다	He brought her around to his view.
bring down	떨어뜨리다	The scandal brought him down.
bring in	도입하다	The law was brought in.
bring on	초래하다	Stress can bring on illness.
bring out	드러내다	This shade brings out your eyes.
bring round	설득하다	I’ll bring him round.
brush up	on	복습하다	I need to brush up on my German.
build up	증가시키다	They built up their savings.
burn off	연소시키다	He burned off extra energy.
burn out	탈진하다	She burned out after long work.
burst out	뜬금없이 ~하다	She burst out laughing.
buy into	믿다	Many buy into that theory.
call out	불러내다 / 지적하다	He called out the mistake in the report.
carry out	수행하다 / 해내다	They carried out the plan successfully.
catch on	인기 있다 / 이해하다	The trick caught on quickly.
check in	on	확인하다	I’ll check in on the kids tonight.
check out	of	(호텔) 체크아웃하다	We checked out of the hotel at noon.
chip in	도움하다 / 기부하다	Everyone chipped in to buy a gift.
clean out	비우다 / 청소하다	She cleaned out the garage.
clear up	정리하다 / 날씨가 개다	Let’s clear up this mess.
come across	as	~처럼 보이다	He comes across as confident.
come down	with	병에 걸리다	She came down with a cold.
come in	for	비난받다	The plan came in for criticism.
come out	공개되다 / (얼룩) 빠지다	The book came out last month.
count on	의존하다	You can count on me.
cut down	on	줄이다	He cut down on smoking.
die out	사라지다	That tradition has died out.
do without	없이 지내다	I can’t do without coffee.
dress down	꾸짖다 / 캐주얼하게 입다	He got dressed down by his boss.
drive on	운전해서 나아가다	We drove on despite the rain.
drop in	on	잠깐 들르다	I might drop in on her later.
end up	결국 ~하게 되다	We ended up taking a taxi.
face up	to	직면하다	She had to face up to her mistakes.
fall behind	뒤처지다	I’m falling behind in work.
fall for	반하다 / 속다	He fell for the scam.
figure on	예상하다	We didn’t figure on so much traffic.
fill in	for	대신하다	Can you fill in for me tomorrow?
get back	at	복수하다	He wants to get back at his rivals.
get down	to	착수하다	Let’s get down to business.
get off	on	즐기다 / 흥분하다	He gets off on dangerous sports.
give away	to	양보하다 / 노출시키다	She gave away all her secrets.
give in	to	양보하다 / 굴복하다	They gave in to pressure.
go along	with	동의하다	I’ll go along with your suggestion.
go out	with	사귀다	She’s going out with John.
grow out	of	떠나다 / 성장과 함께 사라지다	Kids often grow out of bad habits.
hand back	돌려주다	I’ll hand back the books tomorrow.
hand in	on 제출하다	I handed in my essay on time.
hang on	to	붙잡다 / 계속 유지하다	Hang on to your ticket.
hold off	on	미루다	We’ll hold off on the decision.
hold on	to	고수하다	He held on to his beliefs.
keep away	from	멀리하다	Keep away from the fire.
keep on	with	계속하다	She kept on with her studies.
keep up	with	따라가다	He can’t keep up with tech trends.
lay off	from	제외하다 / 중단하다	They were laid off from the project.
lend out	빌려주다	I’ll lend it out to you.
light off	on	시작하다 / 화나다	if도없음 - omit문장을
line up	정렬하다 / 줄 서다	They lined up for the concert.
live down	명예를 회복하다	He couldn’t live down his mistake.
look down	on	무시하다	She looks down on lazy people.
look for	찾다	I’m looking for my keys.
look out	for	돌보다 Look out for each other.
look up	to	존경하다	I look up to my mentor.
make away	with	도주하다 / 훔치다	Thieves made away with the jewels.
make over	바꾸다 / 양도하다	They made over the property.
make up	to	보상하다	She made up to him for the mistake.
move in	to입주하다They moved in last weekend.
move out	이사 나가다	They’ll move out next month.
move on	다음으로 넘어가다	Let’s move on to the next topic.
move up	승진하다 / 앞당기다	She moved up to manager last year.
nod off	졸다	I nodded off during the lecture.
open up	to마음을 열다 / 개방되다	He opened up to his therapist.
opt out	of	거부하다 of	She opted out of the survey.
own up	to	인정하다	I’ll own up to my mistake.
pay in	입금하다	Please pay in the amount by Friday.
pay out	지급하다	The policy pays out when you're injured.
pick on	괴롭히다	Stop picking on him at school.
pull ahead	앞서 나가다	Our team pulled ahead in the final period.
pull away	떼어내다 / 도망치다	The car pulled away slowly.
pull off	성공하다 / 벗다	He pulled off the trick flawlessly.
pull out	of	철수하다	The company pulled out of the joint venture.
put across	to	이해시키다	He put his point across to the audience.
put aside	제쳐두다 / 저축하다	She puts aside some money every month.
put away	to치우다	Kids, put away your toys!
put down	to 기록하다 / 비난하다	He put his ideas down on paper.
put forward	제안하다	She put forward a new plan.
put in	for	지원하다	He put in for the manager job.
put off	on	미루다	They put off the party until June.
put out	to	끄다 / 발표하다	Firefighters put out the fire quickly.
put through	to	연결해 주다	The operator put me through to HR.
put up	for	수용하다	The hostel puts up travelers.
put up	to	유도하다 / 부추기다	She was put up to the prank.
run across	to	우연히 만나다	I ran across an old friend at the mall.
run against	to	맞서다	The bill ran against strong opposition.
run away	from	도망가다	The thief ran away from the scene.
run down	on	비난하다	He ran down on several colleagues unfairly.
run into	into우연히 만나다	I ran into my teacher at the cafe.
run off	to	달아나다	The prisoner ran off during the chaos.
run on	to계속되다	The event ran on longer than scheduled.
run out	of	from다써버리다	We ran out of supplies quickly.
run over	to치다	The car ran over the animal.
run through	연습하다 / 검토하다	He ran through the script.
run up	to	다가가다 / 늘리다	He ran up a huge bill at the restaurant.
see about	처리하다	I’ll see about arranging the tickets.
see off	to	배웅하다	They came to see me off at the station.
see to	to	처리하다	I'll see to the repairs myself.
see through	to	간파하다	I can see through your excuses.
sell out	of	매진되다	The concert sold out within hours.
set about	to 시작하다	They set about cleaning the house.
set aside	for	제쳐두다 / 저축하다	He set aside time for practice.
set off	on	출발하다	We set off on our journey early.
set out	on	시작하다 / 명확히 설명하다	She set out on her mission.
set to	on하기 시작하다	The team set to on the project with enthusiasm.
set up	for	준비하다	They set up for the festival.
break up	with 헤어지다	They decided to break up with each other.
bring down	낮추다 / 끌어내리다	The scandal brought down the CEO.
bring forward	제안하다 / 앞으로 당기다	She brought forward a new idea today.
bring in	to 들여오다 / 수익을 올리다	The exhibition brought in thousands.
bring about	일으키다 / 초래하다	His speech brought about change.
burn off	태워 없애다	He burned off the extra calories at the gym.
burn down	태워 불태우다	The old house burned down last night.
call off	취소하다	They called off the concert.
call in	on 요청하다 / 잠시 들르다	The boss called in all the staff.
call for 요구하다 / 필요로 하다	This situation calls for immediate action.
carry off	성공적으로 해내다	She carried off the difficult task.
carry on	with 계속하다	Carry on with your work.
catch on	to 이해하다 / 인기 얻다	I don’t think he’ll ever catch on.
check back	with 다시 확인하다	Check back with me later.
check in	to 체크인하다	We checked in at 3 PM.
check out	of 체크아웃하다	They checked out early.
chip in	with 기여하다	Everyone chipped in with suggestions.
clean off	닦아내다 / 제거하다	Clean off the table before dinner.
clean out	비우다 / 청소하다	He cleaned out his closet.
clear off	떠나다 / 청소하다	Clear off your desk at the end of term.
clear up	해명하다 / 정리하다	We need to clear up these points.
come across	as ~처럼 보이다	He comes across as very confident.
come apart	분해되다 / 무너지다	The toy came apart in his hands.
come around	방문하다 / 의식을 회복하다	She came around after fainting.
come down	with 병에 걸리다	He came down with flu last week.
come forward	나타나다 / 자진 신고하다	No witness has come forward yet.
come up	with 생각해내다	She came up with a clever solution.
count in	포함시키다	Count me in for dinner.
count out	제외하다	Don't count him out just yet.
cross off	제외하다 / 지우다	We crossed off all completed tasks.
cut back	on 줄이다	You should cut back on sugar.
cut in	on 끼어들다 / 방해하다	She cut in on their conversation.
cut off	from 차단하다 / 제거하다	The call was cut off.
do over	re반복하다 / 다시 하다	You can do the test over.
draw up	작성하다 / 준비하다	They drew up a new contract.
dress up	as 차려입다 / 위장하다	She dressed up as a cat for Halloween.
drop out	of 중도 하차하다	He dropped out of university.
end up	with 결국 ~하게 되다	We ended up with too much work.
figure out	이해하다 / 해결하다	Can you figure out this puzzle?
fill up	on 가득 채우다	Fill up on snacks before the drive.
get across	to 이해시키다	I can’t get this across to him.
get ahead	of 앞서다 / 성공하다	She got ahead of everyone else.
get along	with 잘 지내다	They get along well.
get around	to 시간 내다	I’ll get around to fixing it soon.
get away	with 처벌 피하다	He got away with cheating.
get down	to 시작하다 / 집중하다	Let’s get down to business.
get in	on 들어가다 / 참여하다	She got in on time.
get off	on 즐기다	He really gets off on thrilling rides.
give away	to 나눠주다 / 폭로하다	They gave away the free samples at the event.
give back	to 돌려주다	Please give back the book when you're done.
go after	to 추적하다 / 얻으려 하다	He went after his dream job.
go against	to 반대하다 / 어긋나다	That goes against our policy.
go ahead	with 진행하다	Let's go ahead with the plan.
go along	with 동의하다 / 동행하다	I’ll go along with your idea.
go by	on 지나가다 / 기준으로 삼다	Time goes by so fast.
go down	as 기록되다 / 내리다	This event will go down as historic.
go for	to 가다 / 선택하다 / 시도하다	I’m going to go for the promotion.
go in	for ~에 참가하다 / 좋아하다	She goes in for yoga classes.
go into	to 조사하다 / 설명하다	He went into the matter in detail.
go off	on 폭발하다 / 울리다	The alarm went off at dawn.
go on	with 계속되다 / 이야기하다	The show must go on.
go out	with 사귀다	She’s going out with Mark.
go over	to 검토하다 / 넘다	Let's go over the figures again.
go through	with 겪다 / 실행하다	She went through with the plan.
go without	없이 지내다	We can’t go without food much longer.
grow apart	from 사이가 멀어지다	They grew apart after college.
grow back	다시 자라다	His hair grew back quickly.
grow out	of	벗어나다 / 탈피하다	Kids grow out of baby talk.
hang around	배회하다 / 기다리다	We hung around the mall all day.
hang onto	붙잡다 / 유지하다	Hang onto your ticket.
hang up	on 전화를 끊다	He hung up on me in the middle of our talk.
head back	to 돌아가다	We headed back home after sunset.
hear from에게서 소식 받다	I never heard from him again.
hold off	on 미루다 / 멈추다	Let's hold off on the decision.
hold up	at 지연시키다 / 터뜨리다	The traffic held us up.
keep away	from 멀리하다	Keep away from the edge!
keep on	at 계속하다 / 잔소리하다	She kept on at me all morning.
keep up	with 따라가다 / 유지하다	Can you keep up with the changes?
kick out	of 쫓아내다	They kicked him out of the group.
knock down	때려 넘어뜨리다 / 값을 낮추다	The storm knocked down the tree.
knock out	기절시키다 / 압도하다	He was knocked out in the second round.
leave out	생략하다 / 배제하다	Don’t leave out important details.
let down	실망시키다 / 낮추다	He felt let down by friends.
let in	on 공유하다 / 들여보내다	She let us in on the secret.
listen in	on 염탐하다 / 청취하다	I didn’t mean to listen in on your conversation.
live up	to 기대에 부응하다	This book lives up to the hype.
look back	on 되돌아보다	I often look back on those days.
look down	on 얕보다 / 깔보다	She looks down on people who smoke.
look into	to 조사하다 / 관심 갖다	We will look into the complaint.
look out	for 조심하다 / 돌보다	Look out for falling rocks.
look over	to 검토하다 / 훑어보다	I’ll look over the report later.
look through	살펴보다 / 무시하다	She looked through the files quickly.
look up	to 존경하다 / 찾아보다	I look up to great teachers.
make away	with 훔쳐 도주하다	Thieves made away with the jewels.
make for	향하다 / 도움이 되다	The path makes for easy walking.
make off	with 훔쳐 달아나다	The thief made off with the painting.
make out	to 알아보다 / 이해하다	I can’t make out what he’s saying.
make over	to 양도하다 / 바꾸다	They made over their property.
make up	with 화해하다 / 메이크업하다	They made up after the quarrel.
move on	to 다음으로 넘어가다	It’s time to move on.
move out	of 떠나다 / 거주지를 옮기다	She moved out of her parents’ home.
move up	to 승진하다 / 앞당기다	He moved up the schedule by two days.
act up	장애를 일으키다 / 못되게 굴다	My phone acts up when it’s cold.
ask over	초대하다	We asked them over for dinner.
back down	철회하다	He refused at first but later backed down.
break out	of 탈출하다	Three prisoners broke out of jail.
bring forth	제시하다	Her argument brought forth a lively debate.
butt in	끼어들다	Please don’t butt in when I’m talking.
call back	다시 전화하다	I'll call you back later.
carry off	잘 해내다	She carried off that song beautifully.
catch out	실수로 폭로하다	The check-out clerk caught out the lie.
check out	from	퇴실하다	We checked out from the hotel early.
chip away	at 차근차근 제거하다	She chipped away at her debt over years.
come up	to 합계가 ~이 되다	The total comes up to $50.
count up	합산하다	Count up all the votes, please.
cross over	건너가다 / 바꾸다	He crossed over to the other side.
cut through	뚫고 지나가다	The scissors cut through the rope easily.
deal out	분배하다	They dealt out the cards.
die away	사라지다	The applause died away gradually.
draw back	주춤하다	He drew back when he saw the spider.
drop back	뒤로 물러나다	She dropped back in the race.
ease off	완화되다	The rain eased off by noon.
fall back	on 대체책을 쓰다	If needed, I can fall back on savings.
fend off	막아내다	She fended off unwanted questions.
get along	with 잘 지내다	I get along with my coworkers.
get behind	with 뒤처지다	I’m getting behind with work.
give out	of 배출하다 / 떨어지다	The heater gives out a lot of heat.
go back	on 어기다	I won’t go back on my word.
go through	with 끝까지 해내다	She went through with the procedure.
hand around	돌려보내다	They handed around the microphone.
hang out	with 함께 어울리다	We hang out with friends every weekend.
hold down	억제하다 / 유지하다	He couldn’t hold down the job.
keep off	피하다 / 방지하다	Please keep off the grass.
leave behind	남겨두다	She left behind her old shoes.
let out	of 풀어주다 / 누설하다	They let out the secret by mistake.
light up	환하게 하다	His face lights up when he smiles.
look forward	to 기대되다	I look forward to meeting you.
make off	with 훔쳐 달아나다	He made off with the stolen goods.
mark down	가격 인하하다	The store marked down winter coats.
move aside	비켜주다	Move aside so others can pass.
pass along	전달하다	Please pass the message along.
pass over	간과하다 / 건너뛰다	He was passed over for promotion.
pass up	거절하다	I can’t pass up this offer.
pull together	협력하다	They pulled together on the project.
pull through	(병을) 이겨내다	He pulled through after surgery.
put up	with 견디다	I can’t put up with this noise.
run down	on 헐뜯다	They ran down the policy unfairly.
run out	on 떠나다 / 그만두다	He ran out on his family.
set back	방해하다 / 늦추다	The storm set back construction.
stand in	for 대신하다	Can you stand in for me at the meeting?
stick with	고수하다	I’ll stick with my plan.
tie up	with 묶다 / 바쁘게 만들다	I’m tied up in meetings all day.
turn over	to 양도하다 / 뒤집다	Please turn over the page.
use up	all다 써버리다	Don’t use up all the toner.
account for	설명하다 / 차지하다	It’s hard to account for his absence.
add up	to 합계가 ~이 되다	The costs add up to much more than we expected.
agree to	동의하다 / 수락하다	She agreed to the terms.
aim at	목표로 삼다	This ad aims at teenagers.
allow for	감안하다	Allow for delays when planning.
answer for	책임지다	He must answer for his actions.
argue over	논쟁하다	They argued over who would pay.
ask about	문의하다	I asked about the Wi‑Fi password.
back away	from 물러나다	He backed away from confrontation.
back off	from 물러나다 / 자제하다	Back off—I can handle this myself.
back up	data	데이터 백업	Don’t forget to back up your files.
bail out	of 구제받다 / 탈주하다	The country was bailed out by IMF.
bank on	기대하다	I’m banking on your support.
barge in	on 끼어들다	He barged in on our conversation.
be cut off	from 연락이 끊기다	The call was cut off suddenly.
be dedicated to	헌신하다	She’s dedicated to her work.
bear with	참다 / 견디다	Bear with me for a moment.
blow up	at 폭발하다 / 확장되다	The situation blew up unexpectedly.
break into	침입하다 / 갑자기 시작되다	A fire broke into the warehouse.
break through	to 돌파하다	They broke through the barriers.
bring down	on 초래하다	The mistake brought down criticism on him.
bring in	to 수익을 올리다	The business brings in consistent revenue.
bring up	화제에 올리다	Don’t bring up politics at dinner.
brush aside	묵살하다	She brushed the suggestion aside.
build up	of 구축하다 / 증가하다	They built up a large client base.
burn off	calories	소모시키다	He burns off calories by running.
burst into	laugh/cry 갑자기 ~하다	She burst into tears when she heard.
buy up	대량 매입하다	He bought up all the available land.
call for	요구하다	This situation calls for immediate attention.
calm down	진정하다	Calm down and take a deep breath.
carry on	with 계속하다	They carried on with the event.
catch up	with 따라잡다	We need to catch up with the schedule.
check up	on 확인하다	He checked up on the progress.
chip away	at 제거하다 / 극복하다	Slowly chip away at the problem.
clean up	정리하다 / 개선하다	Clean up this mess!
clarify on	명확히 하다	Let me clarify on the previous point.
close down	폐쇄하다	The shop closed down last year.
come ahead	with 앞서다 / 성공하다	They came ahead with innovative design.
come down	on 비난하다	The teacher came down on him for cheating.
come into	상속하다	She came into a fortune recently.
come off	as ~처럼 보이다	He came off as rude unintentionally.
count on	upon 의존하다	You can count on me for support.
cut back	on 줄이다	We must cut back on expenses.
cut in	on 끼어들다	She cut in on our discussion.
cut out	forcess 불필요하다	That task can be cut out.
deal with	upon 처리하다	He deals with customer complaints.
die off	서서히 사라지다	Defaulting species die off over time.
dive into	착수하다 / 파고들다	He dove into the project headfirst.
do away	with 제거하다 / 폐지하다	They did away with outdated policies.
do without ~없이 지내다	I can’t do without my morning coffee.
drag on	지속되다 / 늘어지다	The meeting dragged on for hours.
draw up	request 계약서 작성하다	The lawyer will draw up the agreement.
dress down	as 꾸짖다 / 편하게 입다	He was dressed down by his manager.
drive off	몰아내다 / 떠나다	The guard drove off intruders.
drop back	to 뒤로 밀리다	He dropped back in the rankings.
get over	to 극복하다 / 회복하다	She finally got over her cold.
get through	to 이겨내다 / 연락 닿다	I got through the exam; now I’m relaxed.
go over	to 검토하다 / 반복하다	Let’s go over the agenda once more.
go through	to 겪다 / 확인하다	He went through a rough time last year.
hand out	to 나눠주다	They handed out flyers at the event.
hand over	to 넘겨주다	Please hand over the documents.
hold on	to 유지하다 / 기다리다	Hold on to the rope tightly.
keep up	with 따라가다 / 유지하다	Can you keep up with the pace?
lay off	from 해고하다 / 중단하다	He was laid off from the project.
look into	to 조사하다	I’ll look into the complaint tomorrow.
look out	for 조심하다 / 돌보다	Look out for falling branches.
make up	to 보충하다 / 화해하다	They made up after the argument.
move on	to 넘어가다 / 진행하다	Let’s move on to the next topic.
move out	of 이사 나가다	He moved out of his parents’ house.
pass away	to 사망하다	Sadly, his grandfather passed away.
pass out	to 기절하다	It was hot, and I nearly passed out.
pick up	to 줍다 / 마중가다	I’ll pick up coffee on the way.
put away	to 치우다	Clean up and put away your toys.
put off	to 미루다	We had to put off our trip due to rain.
put on	to 입다 / 개최하다	She put on her coat and left.
put out	to 끄다 / 발표하다	Firefighters put out the blaze quickly.
run into	to 우연히 만나다	I ran into an old friend yesterday.
run out	of 다 써버리다	We ran out of sugar again.
run over	to 치다 / 복습하다	He ran over the notes before class.
set up	to 설치하다 / 준비하다	They set up the conference room.
show up	to 나타나다 / 도착하다	He showed up late again.
slow down	to 늦추다 / 천천히 가다	Slow down—you’re rushing.
stand by	to 지지하다 / 대기하다	I’ll stand by you no matter what.
stick to	to 고수하다	Stick to the plan no matter what.
take after	to 닮다	She takes after her mother in talent.
take off	to 이륙하다 / 벗다	The plane took off on time.
take over	to 인수하다	She will take over the department next week.
talk over	to 의논하다	Let’s talk over the proposal now.
think through	to 곰곰이 생각하다	We need to think through every step.
throw away	to 버리다	Don’t throw away useful things.
throw up	to 토하다	I felt sick and threw up.
turn down	to 거절하다	She turned down the job offer.
turn off	to 끄다 / 흥미떨어지게 하다	Turn off the lights, please.
turn on	to 켜다 / 흥분시키다	Can you turn on the heater?
wake up	to 깨우다	I wake up at dawn every day.
watch out	for 조심하다	Watch out for slippery floors.
work out	to 운동하다 / 해결하다	We need to work out a new plan.
write down	to 적어두다	Write down all important notes.
zip up	to 지퍼를 올리다	Zip up your jacket—it’s cold.
zoom in	on 확대하다	Zoom in on the subject to see detail.
zoom out	of 축소하다	Zoom out to get the full view.
open up	to 마음 열다 / 개방되다	He opened up about his past.
clean up	to 청소하다 / 개선하다	Clean up your desk before leaving.
break in	to 길들이다 / 침입하다	The shoes need breaking in.
break out	in 발발하다	Fire broke out in the factory.
break down	to 고장나다 / 무너지다	The computer broke down again.
bring up	to (이야기를) 꺼내다	She brought up the issue in the meeting.
bring back	to 되살리다 / 되돌려주다	This song brings back memories.
break off	from 중단하다	They broke off their engagement.
bring down	to 낮추다 / 좌절시키다	The news brought him down.
bring in	to 수익을 올리다	The campaign brought in record donations.
burn out	from 탈진하다	He burned out after months of stress.
butt in	on 끼어들다	Don’t butt in on private matters.
carry on	with 계속하다	We carried on despite the rain.
carry out	to 수행하다	The team carried out the plan successfully.
check out	of 체크아웃하다	We checked out of the hotel.
check up	on 확인하다	I’ll check up on your progress tomorrow.
come across	as ~처럼 보이다	He comes across as shy.
come along	to 동행하다 / 진행되다	She came along to the event.
come down	to 내려오다 / 값 내리다	The price came down last week.
come through	to 극복하다 / 전달되다	She came through the crisis well.
count on	upon 의존하다	You can always count on me.
come up	to 떠오르다 / 발생하다	A question came up during class.
cut back	on 줄이다	We’re cutting back on expenses.
cut in	on 끼어들다 / 방해하다	She cut in on our conversation.
deal with	to 처리하다	I’ll deal with the customer complaint.
dress up	as 차려입다	He dressed up as a vampire for Halloween.
drop off	at 내려주다 / 감소하다	I’ll drop you off at home.
end up	in 결국 ~하게 되다	We ended up in a small town.
fall apart	at 무너지다 / 산산이 부서지다	The vase fell apart in my hands.
fall back	on to 대체하다	If things go wrong, we can fall back on savings.
fill in	for 대신하다	She filled in for me during the meeting.
find out	to 알아내다	He found out the truth eventually.
get ahead	of 출세하다	She worked hard to get ahead at her job.
get over	to 극복하다 / 회복하다	It took him months to get over the flu.
go ahead	with 진행하다	Let’s go ahead with the plan.
go back	to 되돌아가다	I went back to my hometown last summer.
go off	on 폭발하다 / (알람) 울리다	The alarm went off at 6 AM.
go on	with 계속되다 The show must go on despite the rain.
go through	with 겪다	She went through a tough time last year.
grow up	in 자라다	I grew up in London.
hand over	to 넘기다	Please hand over the documents.
hang up	on 전화를 끊다	He hung up on me suddenly.
hold on	to 기다리다	Hold on to the rope tightly.
keep up	with 따라가다 Can you keep up with the fast pace?
lay off	of 해고하다	The factory had to lay off workers.
look into	to 조사하다	I’ll look into that issue this afternoon.
look out	for 조심하다 Look out for icy pavements.
make up	for 보충하다 / 보상하다	He made up for his lateness.
move on	to 진행하다	Let’s move on to the next agenda.
move in	to 입주하다	They moved in last month.
pass away	from 사망하다	Unfortunately, her cousin passed away.
pick up	from 회수하다 / 픽업하다	I’ll pick up the parcel tomorrow.
put back	on 원래대로 돌려놓다	Put the book back on the shelf.
put out	to 끄다 / 내놓다	Firefighters put out the fire quickly.
run across	to 우연히 만나 다	I ran across an old friend in the park.
run out	of 다 떨어지다	We ran out of milk this morning.
set up	to 설치하다 / 준비하다	They set up a camp by the lake.
show up	at 나타나다 / 도착하다	He showed up late for the meeting.
stick to	to 고수하다	Stick to your beliefs.
take after	to 닮다	She really takes after her grandmother.
take over	from 인수하다	He plans to take over the business.
talk over	with 논의하다	Let’s talk over the details tomorrow.
think through	to 깊이 생각하다	We need to think through our strategy.
throw away	to 버리다	Don’t throw away recyclable items.
bring in	to 수익을 창출하다	The event brought in a lot of donations.
bring up	to (話題을) 꺼내다	She brought up the issue in our meeting.
bring back	to 되돌려주다 / 회상시키다	This song brings back memories.
break out	of 탈출하다 / 갑자기 시작되다	A fire broke out of nowhere.
break off	from 중단하다	They broke off negotiations.
break down	to 고장나다 / 감정이 폭발하다	The machine broke down again.
burn out	from 탈진하다	He burned out after months of overtime.
carry on	with 계속하다	We carry on despite challenges.
carry out	to 수행하다	They carried out the plan successfully.
check in	to 체크인하다	We checked in at noon.
check out	of 체크아웃하다	They checked out early from the hotel.
come across	as ~처럼 보이다	He comes across as very confident.
come around	to 의식을 회복하다	She came around after fainting.
come down	with 병에 걸리다	She came down with the flu.
come in	to 들어오다	Come in and take a seat.
come up	with 생각해내다	They came up with a clever idea.
count on	upon 의존하다	You can count on me to help.
cut back	on 줄이다	We need to cut back on expenses.
cut in	on 끼어들다	He cut in on our conversation.
cut out	to 제거하다	I need to cut out sugar from my diet.
deal with	to 처리하다	She deals with customer complaints efficiently.
do away	with 제거하다 / 끝내다	They did away with outdated policies.
dress up	as 변장하다 / 차려입다	The kids dressed up for Halloween.
drop off	at 내려주다	I’ll drop you off at school.
end up	with 결국 ~하게 되다	They ended up with too much work.
fall apart	at 무너지다 / 산산이 부서지다	The vase fell apart when I dropped it.
fall back	on	to 의지하다	If needed, I can fall back on savings.
fill in	for 대신하다	Can you fill in for me at the meeting?
find out	to 알아내다	He found out the truth eventually.
get ahead	of 출세하다	She’s working hard to get ahead of her peers.
get over	to 극복하다 / 회복하다	He finally got over his jet lag.
get around	to 시간 내다	It took me days to get around to fixing it.
give in	to 굴복하다	They gave in to the demands.
go ahead	with 진행하다	Let’s go ahead with the plan.
go back	to 돌아가다	They went back to their hometown.
go off	on 폭발하다 / 알람이 울리다	The bomb went off at dawn.
go on	with 계속되다	The show must go on despite rain.
go through	with 겪다	She went through a tough breakup.
grow up	in 자라다	I grew up in a small town.
hand out	to 나눠주다	They handed out free samples.
hand over	to 넘겨주다	Please hand over the keys.
hang up	on 전화를 끊다	He hung up on me abruptly.
hold on	to 기다리다 / 붙들다	Hold on to the rail.
keep up	with 따라가다 / 유지하다	Can you keep up with these changes?
lay off	from 해고하다	The company had to lay off workers.
look into	to 조사하다	I’ll look into this issue soon.
look out	for 조심하다 / 돌보다 Look out for slippery floors.
make up	to 보충하다 / 화해하다	They made up after their fight.
move on	to 넘어가다	Let’s move on to the next topic.
move out	of 이사 나가다	They moved out of the city last month.
pass away	from 사망하다	Her grandmother passed away peacefully.
pick up	to 줍다 / 태우러 가다	I’ll pick you up at six.
put off	to 미루다	We had to put off the meeting.
pull up	to 멈추다 / 끌어올리다	He pulled up the car by the curb.
put down	to 내려놓다 / 비난하다	Don’t put others down.
put together	to 조립하다 / 구성하다	We put together the engine parts.
put up	to 제공하다 / 숙소를 마련하다	They put me up for the night.
run into	to 우연히 만나다	I ran into Tina at the store.
run out	of 다 써버리다	We ran out of milk again.
run over	to 치다 / 복습하다	He ran over the plan before the meeting.
set aside	to 제쳐두다 / 저축하다	She set aside money for retirement.
set up	to 설치하다 / 기획하다	They set up a new office downtown.
show off	to 과시하다 / 자랑하다	He loves to show off his skills.
sit down	to 앉다 / 착수하다	Let’s sit down and discuss.
stand by	to 지지하다 / 대기하다	I’ll stand by you in this crisis.
stick out	to 눈에 띄다 / 내밀다	The nail sticks out—be careful.
stick up	for 옹호하다 / 지지하다	I’ll stick up for you anytime.
take after	to 닮다	He takes after his mother in temperament.
take away	to 제거하다 / 없애다	This will take away the monotony.
take back	to 되돌려주다 / 취소하다	I take back what I said.
take up	to 차지하다 / 시작하다	He took up painting last year.
talk into	to 설득하다	I talked him into joining us.
talk out	of 설득하여 못하도록 만들다	I talked her out of quitting.
think ahead	to 앞을 계획하다	Always think ahead in business.
think of	to 생각해내다 / 기억해내다	What do you think of this idea?
throw out	to 버리다 / 해고하다	They threw out the trash.
turn away	to 돌아서다 / 거부하다	They turned away those without tickets.
turn back	to 되돌아가다	We had to turn back because of rain.
turn in	to 제출하다 / 잠자리에 들다	I’ll turn in my report tonight.
turn up	to 나타나다 / 소리 키우다	She turned up unexpectedly.
use up	to 다 써버리다	We used up all the paint.
warm up	to 예열하다 / 준비운동하다	He warmed up before recording.
work on	to 작업하다 / 개선하다	She’s working on her presentation.
work out	to 해결하다 / 운동하다	They worked out a deal.
write up	to 작성하다 / 정리하다	He wrote up the meeting minutes.
zoom in	on 확대하다	Zoom in on the main subject.
zoom out	of 축소하다	You can zoom out to get context.
wipe off	to 닦아내다 / 지우다	Wipe off the dust from the table.
watch over	to 돌보다 / 감독하다	I’ll watch over your children.
wake up	to 깨우다 / 정신 차리다	Wake up and smell the coffee!
walk away	from 떠나다 / 포기하다	He walked away from the deal.
wind up	to 마무리하다 / 종료하다	Let’s wind up the discussion here.
work up	to 준비하다 / 흥분시키다	He worked up the crowd with his speech.
wind down	to 종료하다 / 진정되다	The festival winds down by midnight.
write down	to 적어두다	Write down the address in your phone.
wrap up	to 마무리하다 / 정리하다	Let’s wrap up the meeting now.
