What’s your favorite food?
What’s your favorite thing to do on weekends?
What’s the best book you’ve ever read?
What’s your favorite season and why?
What’s something you always wanted to learn?
What’s the most exciting trip you’ve ever taken?
What’s your dream job?
What’s your morning routine like?
What’s your favorite type of music?
What’s a hobby you want to start?
What do you think is the most important skill for the future?
What do you think makes a good friend?
What do you think is the best way to stay healthy?
What do you think about online learning?
What do you think is the hardest part of learning English?
What do you think about working from home?
What do you think is better, living in the city or the countryside?
What do you think is the best way to save money?
What do you think about social media?
What do you think is the best way to reduce stress?
What’s your biggest goal this year?
What’s one habit you want to change?
What’s something you hope to do in the next five years?
What’s your plan for the next holiday?
What’s a new skill you want to develop?
What’s something you want to achieve before turning 30?
What’s the best way to stay motivated?
What’s something that inspires you?
What’s your dream destination?
What’s one thing you want to try but haven’t yet?
What do you think is the best way to improve English?
What do you think makes a great teacher?
What do you think about studying abroad?
What do you think is the best way to prepare for a test?
What do you think about learning multiple languages?
What do you think helps students focus better?
What do you think is the most important subject in school?
What do you think about group projects?
What do you think is better, studying alone or with friends?
What do you think about homework?
What’s one thing you would change about the world?
What’s the biggest challenge facing the environment today?
What’s the most important thing people can do to help the planet?
What’s the role of technology in our daily lives?
What’s one way to make your community better?
What’s an important issue that young people should care about?
What’s one thing you think governments should focus on?
What’s the best way to handle climate change?
What’s something people should do less of?
What’s a good habit everyone should have?
What do you think is the best way to start the day?
What do you think about waking up early?
What do you think is better, cooking at home or eating out?
What do you think about minimalism?
What do you think about meditation?
What do you think is the best way to spend free time?
What do you think about having a strict daily schedule?
What do you think about using planners?
What do you think about exercising every day?
What do you think is the best way to stay organized?
What’s something that always makes you happy?
What’s one thing that always makes you feel better when you’re sad?
What’s your biggest strength?
What’s your biggest weakness?
What’s a personality trait you admire in others?
What’s something that annoys you?
What’s one way to build confidence?
What’s something that makes you nervous?
What’s the best way to handle stress?
What’s something that motivates you?
What do you think about artificial intelligence?
What do you think about self-driving cars?
What do you think is the most important invention in history?
What do you think about robots replacing jobs?
What do you think about space exploration?
What do you think about online privacy?
What do you think is the biggest problem with technology today?
What do you think about virtual reality?
What do you think about using smartphones too much?
What do you think about future technology?
What’s your favorite holiday?
What’s the best country you’ve visited?
What’s the most interesting cultural tradition you know?
What’s something unique about your country?
What’s a festival you want to experience?
What’s the best way to experience a new culture?
What’s something surprising about another culture?
What’s your ideal vacation?
What’s one thing every traveler should know?
What’s something you love about your hometown?
What do you think would happen if people stopped using the internet?
What do you think would happen if animals could talk?
What do you think about time travel?
What do you think about living on Mars?
What do you think would make school more fun?
What do you think about having superpowers?
What do you think is the best way to make someone laugh?
What do you think is the most exciting job in the world?
What do you think would make life easier?
What do you think is the best way to be happy?